Half an hour away from the open in Hong
Kong. You're watching the China show.
I'm Y Ivon Man with David and Glass.
>> Good morning and happy Friday. Our top
stories today, stocks across the region
edging higher as optimism continues
around AI propelling global equities to
fresh records.
>> That AI frenzy continuing to supercharge
Alibaba shares. Fund managers expect the
$250 billion rally to go further this
year.
>> Also ahead here in shows, crunch time
for Japan's ruling party with its
leadership vote. uh a last chance to
avoid drifting further into political
peril.
>> Plus, China defends its new visa program
for global talent after citizens express
worries about losing jobs to foreigners.
[Music]
Good morning. Happy Friday. Welcome to
the show. The story continues to be one
where AI is really front and center.
When you look at Japan, for example,
yes, we can talk about the elections on
the weekend. We're up a fifth day every
single day. Of course, this week on the
regional benchmark, we're looking at
Taiwan and of course that is coming
online. Korea's closed by the way today.
Just keep that in mind. As with mainland
China features are coming online, of
course, in Singapore on A50. So, do
expect at least for the most part in
Hong Kong for volumes to remain on the
lighter side of things. 410 of 1% today
upside on TSMC within the Japanese space
flip the page please we're looking at
some of the uh chip plays uh very much
in focus there as well this hour
speaking of Japan also is you have the
big uh BOJ governor set to speak we'll
see what happens with that really on the
back of weakness yesterday in the JGB
space and of course that auction that
didn't go too well uh on the 10-year
yield we are trading near the low end by
the way on the range on dollar yen uh I
mean conversations around Fed and the
BOJ right so Fed it looks like they'll
be cutting We're almost fully priced for
October. Uh we're not nearly there as
far as BOG hikes are concerned. Flip the
page please. Uh but I think we're
looking at about 64 65% probability when
you look at swaps currently. That's a
changing target of course. Now within
the commodity space of course Brent,
we're seeing a little bit of upside
there. But when you look at the range
the last 5 months, that's very near the
bottom end of that range pick up here uh
120,000 and that's really the
correlation between that and the AI play
and chips and the Philly semiconductor
uh index. We're looking at of course a
lot of the cryptoreated stocks across
the region on the back of this return
back to 120,000. And yes, we'll be going
really deep into copper this hour with
JP Morgan and really their calls of how
we could get to 11,000, how to play that
in the equity markets. Uh and of course
overnight yeah this the story continues
here and we'll unpack the Alibaba story
for you and how fund managers do see
this unrelenting rally which continued
as you can see overnight um really has
room uh to run even further. So yeah,
yeah, suffice to say Alibaba is going to
be front and center again today for
sure.
>> Yeah, sellside still catching up. Uh,
and you compare the valuations is
certainly not looking that demanding if
you compare it to other parts of US tech
here right now, right? So that is part
of your agenda here today, the Alibaba,
the Bus of this whole AI trade.
Certainly watching sectors like the
semis given what we're seeing already in
the Japanese chip stocks that are
basically uh lifting the topics there
here this morning. Uh, copper is also as
we talked about with Mattie Jouo as
well. Crypto is certainly in focus after
we did briefly touch that 120,000 level
for Bitcoin as well. The stock rally in
Hong Kong still continues as we say
given what we've been seeing and all
that. Low volumes in Hong Kong though
that's something that we do need to
contend with here today given that we're
still in very much in the thick of the
Golden Week holiday. So we're still
expecting some data coming through uh
there. We're so so far getting a little
bit about these the box office numbers
and 2025 looks to already surpass what
we saw last year according to CCTV. So
yeah, they're heading to the movies,
Dave.
>> Yeah, the on the volume side of things,
as Ivon is pointing out, as we look at
this next sort of potential milestone
and price on the Hangs in China index,
that's really what you get when a lot of
the volumes are, you know, are via the
stock connect and obviously Milan
China's closed. I think we were very
very light on volumes yesterday. So as
things stand as of yesterday, 10,000
points is the next one to watch on Hen
China. We're within about 3% of that
level. We topped that. It takes us back
above that level I think for the first
time in about four years. Uh or so.
Yeah. But likely not happening today as
you can see looking at futures bottom of
your screen. Let's bring in Mark
Cranfield. He's in Singapore for us to
help us understand the trading session
ahead. Mark, I think one thing to
notice, we're likely not going to get
the jobs report later today. Likely
going to be delayed. Is it a big issue
when you look at from a macro traders
perspective?
>> Uh not when you have an AIdriven rally
as you've been talking about this
morning. So let let's throw two more
names in there as well. You talk about
Alibaba, that's very important
particularly from an Asian point of
view. But two others uh names that
people are talking about and are very
significant. Open AI and Soft Bank. So
the report we had that came through
yesterday that OpenAI's valuation has
risen to 500 billion. We've already had
a lot of excitement about AI in general,
but now we're starting to see some
serious numbers applied to that market.
Well, when you get a valuation like
that, it is a boost for everybody. So,
obviously that feeds back into optimism
on Alibaba, but also very significantly
for Japan into SoftBank as well. We're
seeing another very good start to the
day there. And Bloomberg Intelligence
has a very good report out this morning
showing how the the SoftBank portfolio
is now really coming back. For sometimes
it was a concern to investors that some
of their long-term investments weren't
looking that great. That has all changed
this year. Things are looking a lot
better and the AI investments are a big
part of that story as well. So, we
really got to it's almost like feeding
on itself. It's a positive cycle. One
thing leads into another and it's very
difficult for people to be concerned
about economic numbers or the lack of
when you have such a fundamental story
as this driving all sectors of the
market.
>> Yeah, forget a US shutdown, forget even
just uh overall all these concerns about
valuations and the like here right now.
Mark, um it brings to light what what to
look forward to. I mean, you've been
focusing a lot on on dollar yen, Japan.
And obviously we have a leadership uh
sort of race this weekend as well. We're
also expecting to hear from the governor
of the BOJ UEA. What are you looking out
for in terms of what are going to be the
next guidepost for dollar yen?
>> It looks as though everything is teed up
for the Bank of Japan to be able to
raise the interest rates which they've
been trying to do for some time. They've
been looking for this the window. It
looks as though the LDP leadership race
is now falling into position for them.
So investors are assuming that Koisumi
and Takahishi will be the two front
runners. They may need to go to a
runoff. They're not expecting a big
surprise from that point of view.
Sensibly both of those candidates have
been leaving monetary policy to the Bank
of Japan. So that helps UEA as well. The
Tankan report came into place just as he
really needed it to. other members of
the Bank of Japan have been supporting
his view that it's about time for the
for the central bank to get on with
raising interest rates again. So
everything is is coming into play. The
yen is showing a little bit of strength
here, but nobody is really expecting
this to be a cycle where the Bank of
Japan raise rates and continue to do so
rapidly thereafter. It's probably going
to be a rate increase and quite a long
gap. If you look at the track record
under UEA, usually it's several months
before they're able to do it again. So
that means we'll probably see modest
appreciation for the yen. That will help
equity market. They don't need to be too
concerned as they were in the middle of
last year when there was intervention
and a rate hike at the same time. We're
not going to get that kind of a mess in
the Japanese equity market. So they can
refocus on the themes which are driving
there. Japan's on a reasonable footing
economically. interest rates that even
if they raise a 0.75 by global standards
that's still very low anyway. So, we're
probably going to get more of the same
continuation, politics, a bit of a
sideeshow for investors, but AI themes,
a stable and relatively weak yen, all in
general helping to support the Japanese
cause. And people, the JGB yields at the
very long end of the curd look as though
they've peaked out. The the Bank of
Japan is also doing its part. It's
making sure that where it's trimming
purchases, that's at the short end.
That's not really affecting the 30 40ear
sector. So overall, everything has a
pretty decent background to continue to
do well for Japanese assets.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there,
MI strategist, wrapping up the week for
us here on what has been a very, very
strong one in terms of tech momentum.
Let's continue with that here as well.
We're seeing that in some of these
Japanese chip makers here this morning.
But really globally, you've seen when it
comes to semiconductors have seen their
market value sore as investors rush to
get exposure to AI. Now, this rally has
added, get this, $200 billion in just
one session alone to the combined market
cap of the Philly stock index
semiconductor index, uh, which is a
gauge that tracks Asian chip stocks as
well. Um, certainly what you're seeing
is continued upside. Let's bring in
Charlotte Young. She's with us right
now. Um, how long can this run kind of
continue?
>> Yeah, so uh, so far looks like no signs
of baiting. Um you're seeing the AI
trade continues to power on for the chip
makers and you're seeing investors from
so to New York you know buying capiling
to the sector with every looks like
every AI headlines able to spot a wave
of euphoria you know where's open AI's
500 billion valuations and also their
partnership with the Korean chipmakers
and the staggering number you just u
mentioned that you know we are seeing
200 more than 200 billion added in the
latest session alone I mean there are
some concerns with valuations one would
point to the Philadelphia semiconductor
index that's now trading at 27 times
that's already near the high of 2024 and
also 19 times for Asia gauge but um and
there and there's also that question
with all these spending on data centered
infrastructure but so far the AI
services have not become mainstream and
there's no commercialization that kind
of monetization aspect yet but so far
for trading wise seems like there's
still of that fear of missing out
dominating the same so sentiment will
continue but um so so long as and until
we fa we have the next earnings test to
have some sort reality check. Looks like
so far the momentum is still very
strong.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And the I think investors
are now well they're certainly buying
the theme. They're buying the play.
They're buying the index. But within the
index there are some valuation sort of
discrepancies in place. And the reason I
bring that up is Alibaba has now emerged
as a certainly a very real play on this
because of also the the discount it's
trading at compared to its peers.
>> Yeah. So um for years I think nobody was
so interested in Alibaba's cheap
valuation given it's always cheap right
but now given how it's it's the whole
conversation with Alibaba I've been
having with people has completely
changed three months ago you're talking
about delivery competitions e-commerce
market you're losing now it's all about
AI and how it's a full stack AI
investment so uniquely positioned in
China so the rally has got very hot more
than double this year but the the bull
investors are looking at a few points so
you have the positioning wise while I'm
sure investors love Alibaba A southbound
holding has reached 11%. International
investors as of an August data they're
still underweaiting Alibaba about 1.5
percentage points versus MSCI China
weight and that shows there's the
potential of dry powder coming and
valuation wise it has sharply rerated
over the past months by 22 times. It's
not that you know outrageous when you
compare it to um USPS and also even
Hansen index is on par and it's also
below Alibaba's own pick up 29 times and
and you know as US tax giants they keep
hitting fresh heights Alibaba is still
60 more than 60% below its own record
and Tensson's also you know approaching
its own record high soon so I think with
that there's a lot of data points that
kind of give investors um that that that
conviction that there's more to run and
not to mention mention that you know in
China there isn't that many tech giants
that has the infrastructure the will to
spend and the ambition to leading AI.
>> Yeah, investors are starting to in the
very early phases of rediscovering
Chinese tech and now there's an AI
component to that. Charlotte, thank you
so much. Uh Charlotte Yang there, our
Asia equities reporter. In fact, just on
that note, uh let me just show you a
very brief chart on this rerating and
shares of Alibaba. Can we get that up
guys if we can please? Uh, let me just
have a look at what that is here very
briefly. If I could ask my producers to
bring up Thank you so much. Baba is now
back. So, we're up 200% on price from
the bottom, but that's only been enough
just to show you how undervalued shares
were. 200% only takes you back to the
average
>> as far as this is concerned. So, have
this room to run. This is, I guess, to
Charlotte's point, one one more thing to
note here.
>> Yeah, far from the peaks as she says.
So, yeah, is there that room for
catch-up still here and get back to
those glory days? certainly is one thing
for Alibaba. We're also watching what
happens in Japan. So the BOJ governora
is now speaking in Osaka in a business
meeting with business groups. So talking
a little bit more about inflation. So he
sees that price increases could last
more than expected and prolonged
inflation could weigh on consumer
spending. So uh it sounds a little bit
hawkish here, but I'm taking a look at
dollar yen and we are actually seeing
some weakness here on the back of some
of these comments.
Yeah, I mean on the surface that does
look hawkish. You're correct. Um I'm
just looking at my pricing now on my
screens whether that's affecting
expectations around the BOG. Of course,
there is also the elections this
weekend, which by the way, yes, that is
on the political side of things, but you
know, that's fairly split and that could
determine the path of interest rates as
well when you look at how hedge funds
are betting around that. Okay. Um BOJ
meeting is on October 30. at the end of
this month we're looking at a currently
a 63% probability of that. Uh it does
sound of course he is talking about the
economic case to do so. Dollar yen
though going the opposite way as
expected. Uh JJB futures on your screens
right now. Little bit of upside there.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Oh, it's a word now. Dave October. I
want to make it cool.
>> What? October.
>> Our very own Anthony Stevens uh uh has
been writing about this, right? Um
>> October.
>> October, not October, right? Because of
all the sort of AI frenzy and the like.
>> I like that.
>> We're going to make October cool.
>> Um we're watching of course those
tripling names of course in Asia this
morning after of course this whole AI
rally extended on Wall Street. And this
really following that Bloomberg scoop,
right? We're talking about OpenAI, that
valuation reaching $500 billion. Let's
bring in our Asia tech correspondent
Annabelle Jewelers on this crazy number
that we're seeing when it comes to
>> crazy number. And as Mark Cranfield was
just saying, it's a number that really
gives a boost to to lots of different
companies. I mean, it was a secondary
sale or a secondary sale within the
company. So employees were allowed to
sell their shares to investors or their
their stock and and yeah at a valuation
of $500 billion. At $500 billion, you're
ahead of SpaceX, for instance. This is a
valuation we're moving for for Tether as
well. We're hearing from sources, but
certainly at this point, it seems like
OpenAI could be the world's most
valuable startup. And it's so crazy when
you think about just a few weeks ago we
had that persistent concern being raised
once again that that the spending on AI
particularly in in in the US was being
overdone. The ROI wasn't there just yet
but again it's managed to ignite or
reignite that that tech rally again. So
the NASDAQ for instance you saw rising
overnight uh second straight record but
also in terms of what was really gaining
in that it was names like Nvidia
Broadcom as well. It's it's the chip
link names and when you take a look at
what's again moving in the session so
far today they're a standout so far in
Taiwan today and of course Taiwan is a
very semi semiheavy index but but still
names like we win for instance they
manufacture they supply the servers and
and cloud infrastructure that rely on
advanced chips I mean you can see that
gain there of nearly 10% uh you've got
names like MediaTek for instance our
chip they provide silicon designs and
manufacturing services so again it's
very broad-based and you see the same
story being repeated over in Tokyo this
morning as well with trading underway
leaders like Sung for instance that
manufactures silicon wafers for
semiconductors. Tokyo Electron we know
of course is a major chip equipment
manufacturer. Nideno uh chemicals that
are used for semiconductor
manufacturing. Rome as well another chip
link name. So again it's that semi story
that continues to be very strong in the
session so far today.
>> Bill, thank you so much Annabelle
Jewelers there on the latest on the AI
frenzy taking place. Just make note of
course Korea is closed today. So, but
you are seeing that expressed really in
a very big way in in Taiwan and also in
in Japan. We're also watching uh Tesla
suppliers speaking of Japan in Japan
today after the automaker slumped on
Wall Street. This even after of course
posting this record quarter of vehicle
sales. Linda Lou is with us right now to
help us understand why Tesla shares fell
despite the what seemingly were very
good numbers.
>> Yeah. Well, I guess investors realize
that there's actually a lot of
challenges that's going to be facing
Tesla in the months coming ahead.
>> Uh, obviously, this bump in deliveries
came because of the Trump administration
pulling out this uh $7,500 in EV credit.
So, consumers, uh, you know, who's
interested to buy an EV are rushing in,
driving up the deliveries. But obviously
going forward into next quarter that's
not going to be around anymore.
>> Tell us about the company the company's
challenges moving forward. So, not only
is this EV tax credit, you know, that's
helping to drive so much of the sales
not going to be around anymore, uh, the
Trump administration is also, you know,
considering cutting, uh, emission rules
that have been so instrumental in
helping EV makers like Tesla and others
to sell their vehicles and being able to
promote their offerings as more
environmentally friendly. So, um, if
there's no rules like that in place
anymore, um, you know, a big driver for
EV purchases, for legacy automakers like
GM and Ford to produce more EV models,
that driver could be gone. And I think
that's going to be casting a negative
outlook for the wider industry.
>> And, you know, does this disadvantage
the company further as it competes with
Chinese rivals, for example, like BYD?
Yeah, it'll be interesting to see how
this uh competition plays out. Um over
here in China, um the biggest EV seller
B uh BYD actually suffered a slight
slump in its monthly deliveries for
September.
>> So um BYD is also facing its own
challenges in its domestic market where
um it's taking on dozens of other brands
and the competition is only get about to
get more fierce. So Tesla I think uh and
BYD and other Chinese rivals will be
competing not only in China but in other
markets such as Europe. And it's
interesting because in Europe BYD
started to outs sell Tesla for the first
time. So we're going to continue to
monitor to see how this rivalry is going
to play out.
>> Linda, thank you. Linda Lou there
joining us here on Tesla and the like
and this fierce EV competition in China
as well. Your pre-market is looking like
this. Hang sang looks set to drop uh
based on just price action the early
get-go here. We're down about a fifth of
1%. We'll see how Alibaba does as well.
Uh Je is what we've been talking about
here, right? Uh we're flat when it comes
to uh
>> Yeah, there's no there's no trading in
bonds today.
>> But just in case you're curious where
they last traded, 187
>> from a few days ago. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some stocks to watch at the open and
it's Baba. Oh, there you go. Happy
Friday.
>> Do you know Do you know what? Okay,
here's the thing. Do you know what Baba
means in Tagalog?
>> No.
>> Down.
>> Oh,
>> which is interesting, right? Not that
this is a play on linguistics, but yes,
it's the opposite of what it means in in
Filipino. I'm trying to think what think
in Chinese it's just
>> baba baba
>> like
>> papa
>> like yeah like dad
>> the papa
>> um there you go continue to see strength
here it's random talk on Fridays um here
you go news though
>> um there's no news it's quiet and you
know Alibaba we continue to see it you
know it's just like this FOMO trade
really around this stock here right now
if you take a look at you know how cheap
or undemanding it is in terms of
valuations compared to the likes of
Nvidia all these US tech darlings you
know certainly there is maybe some room
for it to run. Bu though perhaps maybe a
bit of profit taking here today. Uh
we're watching some of these, you know,
Hong Kong style retailers, right? So we
had the retail sales volume actually
beat expectations, right? Not much
movement when it comes to the likes of
Chao Jaok and the rest here. Uh but
certainly that is a uplifting or at
least a more upbeat sort of print there
when it comes to the retail side.
>> It was a good number.
>> No, it was it was
>> 3.2%. I know that doesn't sound like a
lot. I know that's mid single digits but
that's actually coming in I think well
above estimates and also within that
right it's the reason why we're looking
at jewelry so the category of jewelry
watches and clocks
up 14%
uh so if you're curious about yeah
what's driving that gold of course it's
a gold plane of course that went to
public plarhead here uh we're going to
have a deeper dive into things like rare
earths copper and gold coming up
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China show. Equity markets
are moving to the upside. The fifth day
of gains on a benchmark basis. No
mainland China yet today. So, no stock
connect lower on volumes. Um, I was told
to mention that F1 is taking place in
Singapore coming through. We don't have
an F1 here in Hong Kong, although we
might have a T1 later today. That's
according to the Hong Kong Observatory.
>> Uh, with the weather coming in. So, a
standby, I believe. So, I think Brace is
the watch the weather forecast.
>> Okay. Singapore, you win.
>> Yeah.
>> This weekend. Gosh.
>> Can't beat that, right? F1.
>> No. over a tea.
>> Well, we have a we have a better winter
here slightly.
>> Unless unless you walk into a mall in
Singapore than where it does feel like
it's proper you're in Finland in some
cases, right?
>> All right. Why are we spewing all this
nonsense, right? Because there's not
much going on. But yes, we have to talk
about markets overall because it seems
like when it comes to the tech sort of
things, that is continuing for another
day, right? This October, we're trying
to make October cool. Um, yes, because
of this whole AI buzz. So, you know, I
don't care. I guess the investors at
least don't care about this US
government shutdown, delaying data, no
jobs report likely on Friday in the US.
Uh we've kind of brushed that aside in
some ways. Uh but really we're focusing
on things like oh how did OpenAI get a
valuation of $500 billion in this recent
deal. That's enough to really trigger
once again another rally. But there you
go. His tech though at least today uh
for the broad stage is actually lower.
But you know take a look at Alibaba,
right? If you're talking about AI, this
continues to be a FOMO trade. We're at
185 bucks here, upside about 1% here. BU
is heading the opposite direction
though. So, we're down some 2% for both
of those sort of tech darlings here. But
we are seeing the rest of the the the
tech space is quite quiet, right? Mtoan
Shami are flat. 10-centent is slightly
up this morning. Uh so certainly that's
going to be one thing to watch, right?
How long can this whole AI trade
continue given the valuations uh when it
comes to AI? you know, as Dave
mentioned, we're not quite even close to
the peak, but we're even just
approaching the mean, right? So, you
know, maybe there is some more upside to
come for that stock in particular. Mi
China is slightly to the downside here,
but keep in mind when it comes to Asian
stocks broadly, it's been a good week,
right? In fact, we're heading to a
fourth straight week of gains uh in the
last five uh on the optimism really
around tech globally. Uh let's take a
look when it comes to Cath. There's been
some analyst upgrades. Uh this one from
uh on Cath here. This is from JP Morgan.
So they're talking about cheap
valuations. Take a look at the
dividends. That's certainly one to watch
here. But then again, look at that price
target of 910 on your screens, right?
Still lower than what the current level
is. So despite this upgrade to neutral,
they're still expecting possibly uh the
more decline on the shares as well. HK
Steel, so watching some of these steel
miners, uh the ones that are listed in
Hong Kong from China. So uh there's been
uh EU really proposing some tariffs that
are really kind of mirroring what we saw
in the US when it comes uh to cheap
imports from China right so they're
talking about 50% tariffs for steel
imports and the like not seeing a whole
big movement when it comes to some of
these steel miners here this morning but
we're tracking still gold the copper
plays and Zujing Mining certainly is the
big one to watch and really what we've
been seeing in Zing gold since this
listing right it's been a bumper bumper
bumper few days um certainly but this is
dig mining shares though we have
continued to see the shares go vertical
Dave
>> 8,000%. Not bad actually. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Since 2003.
>> Yeah. Quite a quite an upgrade. Quite an
upgrade there. I mean the reason that's
also important, right? So we talk about
this Zigjin gold story the the play on
gold assets outside China. And of course
when you talk about Zigin mining, people
immediately think of gold which is
obviously one of the plays but it is
also a copper mine. And of course when
you look at copper which has somewhat
given us something to talk about again
recently uh copper is actually set for
its best week uh in about 6 months best
year in in four years and the rally
looks likely set to continue in copper
prices when you look at some of the
supply disruptions currently in the
market. Let's get an outlook on copper
gold and everything in between. Joining
us here on set is Mattie Jouo uh BFA
global research. She's their head of
APAC basic materials research. Maddie,
happy Friday. Good morning. Nice to see
you.
>> Can we start with copper?
>> Yes, of course.
>> Copper's okay. Okay. Um markets looking
at these operational disruptions in the
three biggest mines. How much of that do
you think is already in the price
because I know you guys are still
bullish on on copper prices.
>> Yeah, sure. So, uh after the like
graspers incidents, uh we uh our global
team actually uh upgraded copper
further. uh we are now expecting copper
prices to be 11.5,000 on average next
year and then further go go to uh 13,000
uh in 2027 um as well um that is because
uh we will see probably the biggest
deficit in the past five uh in next year
uh in the in the in the next next year
of uh nearly 400,000 ton um of copper um
because uh all these uh three mines uh
are not going to resume normal
production at least until uh mid to late
next year. Um so and and of course just
now you talk about AI as well. Copper is
a very important area in the AI and also
powering AI and then we are expecting
the copper demand mainly driven by the
greed by the AI and als uh data center
and also by the transformer as well and
we are still expecting copper demand to
grow at two to 3% next year. So um we
don't think the rally has already
finished. We think it's probably just
midway on that. So you think this rally
is not just supply driven and more on
these disruptions you actually do see a
demand story there as well longer term
>> actually this year copper and gold have
been our top pick uh among our coverage
and for copper I think uh this year even
before this accident has been our topic
mainly driven by our expectation of
power grid investments power grid
actually account for 40% of copper
demands uh in China now uh and then if
you add up the transformer the AIDC
that's totally around 50% uh of copper
demand and China copper demand has been
growing at about 5% year to date as well
and China is more than half of the
world.
>> What's the best equity play on copper
and or gold?
>> Yeah. So um the areas and our coverage
is like jizzy mining the one that you
just mentioned China Molly uh Shandong
go on the gold sides um as well and we
are very positive on gold uh we target
gold prices to be 4,000 uh this year but
it's nearly there already when we
targeted
>> update that
>> yeah when we target uh at the beginning
of the year we didn't expect that it
will be achieved so fast
>> what what's driving that is it is it
just I mean there's so many factors
um whether it's the Fed cutting uh
dollar weakness, central banks are still
buying. What do you think are still
going to be the key factors that going
to be driving that gold price higher?
>> Um I think in the next 12 months is
probably the weak US dollar potential
further rate cuts. It's from the macro
perspective. Uh secondly is uh probably
uh still the uh political political risk
on that as well. And I think the thirdly
is also uh government and ETF buying. We
actually continue to see uh China
government buying from for the central
bank's reserve. Currently uh China's
reserve of gold is only accounting for
6.5% of its total reserve. A global
average is 18%. So you still have room
to go. Uh not to say that insurance
company are also instructed by the
government to buy to use 1% of their
assets to buy gold. That's actually
equivalent to 5% of global gold demand
if you are buying within 12 months. So
you still have a lot of catalyst for
gold. That's a lot. 5% if it's only 1%.
>> Yeah. No, I mean if they buy it within
12 months because they didn't give a
timeline how long they can buy it,
right? But if they buy everything within
a year, okay,
>> then it's 5%.
>> Okay. That's that's quite a big quite a
big catalyst. Can I ask you about not
specifically about Sin Gold, but it
certainly opened up this window for a
lot of share sales in the region. Should
we expect more fundraising in the equity
market on the back of this very
successful one? I I should note.
>> Uh I think so. Uh I think we have we
continues to have a few company that uh
potentially looking for it share uh IPO
as well for the for the gold and for the
metal sides um as well. Uh that is uh
because probably the very strong gold
prices as a big support uh as well and
then also with this success of Jim
Mining and uh Hong Kong China to attract
more of a global money as well. Um can
we talk a bit more about uh battery
materials and the like that's is also
part of your coverage here. You're
expecting things to still remain quite
tight.
>> Uh what are you foreseeing?
>> Yeah, sure. So, we upgraded uh lithium
around two months ago when CL suspended
its mines. Uh and we have been seeing uh
lithium supply and demand turning into
deficit since three months ago as well.
One of the key reason is because demand
has been very strong. we actually see uh
battery demand uh in October going to go
up another 10% month on months and then
also the power storage the ESS uh ESS
year today I think uh installation in
China is up more than 30%. export is
nearly doubling. So a lot of these very
strong ESS demands together with the EV
battery demand are pushing on the uh you
know dtocking for lithium as well. And
uh even potentially with CL coming back
we still see the lithium much tighter
than before. Um I think the last point
is apart from CL the other six or seven
mines that are still potentially under
the government check they're supposed to
submit document uh end of uh September.
And then if they don't meet the
criteria, there's a further potential
suspension as well. And this seven mine
accounts for 4% of global supply.
>> Okay. Yeah. I think the last time we
were having this conversation was
around, of course, late September was
the one to watch because of the two
mines out of out of CHL. I guess very
simple question. What's your outlook for
lithium prices and all things equal? If
if things remain relatively shut as far
as those those mines are concerned
>> if these mines don't uh shut down we
will expect lithium prices to be about
80,000
uh IMB next year okay u that's our base
cases but of course if all these uh uh
seven mines got suspended again that
take away about 4% of global supply then
we'll probably see lithium price back to
100,000
>> um anti-involution we we talked about it
briefly when when we started to see a
little bit more disruptions but how do
you see this all playing out in your
coverage?
>> Yeah, so anti-involution is still very
slow. I think government are still
taking it slowly given the time uh for
each industry to come out with its own
plan. For example, cement and steel they
still allow you to time to do capacity
exchange and cement. So we haven't seen
major capacity cuts yet while cement
probably they need to cut next year. So
by the end of this year they need to
finish the capacity exchange. While on
the other hand, this lithium uh thing is
basically just need things to do it more
legally and then also uh I think
government is talking about like the
copper refining. So we recently also
upgrade some of the copper refining
names as well. Given the refining margin
TCRC has been on historical low in the
past 20 years as well. So if we are
doing some measures on uh helping this
supply that will probably help it back
to the break even points. Yeah, we I
think we did see for the first time in
some time the industrial profits numbers
Yeah. start to turn positive, right? Do
do you see momentum there? Was that was
that a function of anti-involution for
that month?
>> And do you see the what's the outlook
for for for performance?
>> Yeah. So, uh I think uh on the on the
positive sides, anti-involution
basically uh helps a lot of the sectors
get get exposed, right? For example,
poly silicon, for example, steel, etc.
But on the other hand, uh if things
don't take it slowly, i.e. If we do it
too aggressively, it might also hurt
demand as well, right? Uh on like if
your raw material prices hike so fast,
that will hurt some of the industrial
demand. So I think that's one of the
reason that government wanted to do it
slowly, gradually, give you some time
and then each industry to come up with
its own detail plan rather than like a
you know cutting together uh on on one
angle. Yeah.
>> And you add that to tariffs, right? when
we have the EU joining the likes of the
the the US at least they want to in
imposing steel tariffs of 50%.
>> Does that put a a cap on where steel
prices are going to go?
>> Uh I don't think that would be very
important. Well, it it matters because
currently um China has been exporting at
around 110 million ton uh annualized lab
number which is more than 10% of our
production. Um but uh the export to EU
is a very small amount. we don't we
don't export to US much and to EU is
also very small as well. I think uh the
China steel mills are looking at
Southeast Asia uh and also looking at
like Africa and uh South America as some
new uh areas to export as well. And I
think now one of the key reason to
export is not to make more profit. It's
basically just keep domestic inventory
low so that whenever demand is okay they
can actually hike prices domestically.
So export is basically as a balancing
factor and they're looking for new
destination.
>> All right, Mattie, thank you so much.
Covered a lot. Matty Jao, there co-head
of China Equity Research and head of
APEC basic materials oil and gas
research at BFA Global Research. Well,
we're going to dip into some live
pictures out of Singapore here right
now. The milk and Asia summit in
Singapore is undergoing once again where
our colleague has Linda is moderating a
panel on the global investment outlook.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
you've uh in private credit in the
United States anyway, you've removed an
intermediary that is a an investment
bank. The investment bank is there to
make fees and to distribute broadly
syndicated loans to the market and not
really do any diligence on distributing
those broadly syndicated loans to the
market and then those get secured.
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Now, Beijing has given a stern,
very stern warning to the new US envoy
here in Hong Kong not to interfere in
China's internal affairs. That's after
the council general reportedly invited
prominent former opposition figures to
her inaugural reception. Let's bring in
Steven Angel, chief North Asia
correspondent. Steve.
>> Okay. Yeah,
>> we got to unpack this. What do we know?
>> Yeah. Well, we do know that uh the new
council general who took her post here
in Hong Kong in August was summoned uh
to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Commissioner's office here in Hong Kong.
That's Jen Chun. Uh and essentially was
given a stern representation and
explicitly laid out what the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs calls the four knots.
They said the four don'ts. Actually, I
looked on the website there, but
translated essentially four knots. Uh
and I'm not talking about rope knots.
It's the do not knots. Do not redes.
And that is essentially don't meet with
former opposition leaders of the protest
movement in Hong Kong. And and there
were a couple of people who were invited
uh and and by all accounts they did
attend uh and that's includes Anson
Chan. I wouldn't necessarily call her a
pro-democracy leader from the protest.
So I have to be very careful with how I
describe her. She's a former chief
secretary uh in Hong Kong under Chris
Patton. Uh but she was also has been an
advocate of course uh for
more democracy in Hong Kong. Yes. Uh
right. That's a good way of putting it.
Emily Laauo surely is a proponent of
democracy. She was the head former
chairman chairwoman of the Hong Kong
democrac uh Democratic Party. Uh she was
also there. She has told Bloomberg uh
that maybe China overreacted a little
bit on this uh case of summoning uh
Julie ED who is the new council general.
Uh she Emily Laauo says Hong Kong is an
international city and we should be free
to interact with each other.
>> If we have committed an offense they can
arrest us. um that is in line with how
Emily Laauo has always carried herself
uh in in essentially standing up for
what should be the the rights of an
international city like Hong Kong. So,
I'm not trying to blow this story out of
proportion or anything like that, but
it's an interesting indication of
Beijing's
>> unwillingness to have any flexibility on
this subject. Yeah. uh when when she's
taking over the post has an event and
then invites people that of course have
been on a watch list if you will
>> at a time when we're seeing these US
China trade talks continuing and it
seems like things are looking at maybe
possible breakthroughs right from what
we heard from Bessant at CNBC and it's
almost like when they talk about
soybeans that's like the new rare earths
for China here.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean soybeans has
become a political issue at home no
doubt because the Chinese have not
bought any in this current harvest and
it's already a month long and if you
look at the harvest is is a month long
four weeks in and it probably will be
another four weeks between until she and
Trump meet. Uh so if Trump is right in
that China is not buying any soybeans as
a negotiating tool. Well, if that's the
case then that's not going to be
resolved for another four weeks, eight
weeks into the harvest. So it might be a
wash on soybeans and that's causing
political trouble at home in the Midwest
and other places where they grow uh
soybeans. They are upset because
anywhere between 30 to 60% of America's
soybean crops traditionally go are sold
to China. So it's a it's become a hot
button issue in the United States
despite the fact that the Trump
administration is talking about giving
financial aid from dipping into the
tariff pot and paying those those
farmers. Uh that being said, you're
absolutely right. Bessent is optimistic
that there could be a big breakthrough
in talks with Hulong, his counterpart,
which are slated, we don't know the
date, for a fifth round, probably around
the time of the Shei Trump meeting on
the sidelines of APEC. But again, that
that kind of pushes the whole soybean
issue
>> further down further down. Uh and is
that really going to be some leverage
for the Chinese? It h it is right now
but can you get a deal done before the
she meeting?
>> All right Steve thank you this evening
and our chief Malaysia correspondent of
course as we countdown to more uh talks
between US and China of course APEC is
certainly the next one to watch. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Let's get back to a
story we were talking about earlier.
warning. This profit warning from a
major US chip industry name about
restrictions and what that means
restrictions to China, what that means
for the business in that market. Belle
is here with us to talk us through this.
Yeah. What do we know about this, Belle?
>> Well, I do want to apologize first to
our viewers, but I did uh mistakenly
have AMD on my brain earlier when I was
talking about this and I did of course
really mean to to reference Applied
Materials, which is the key story here
today. So, Apply Materials, it is the
largest maker of chip equipment in the
US and and this is a company that
actually gets a pretty hefty chunk of
its revenue from China. Now, what's
happened is that they've issued a filing
to to regulators in the US saying that
they're going to be getting a pretty
hefty revenue hit over the coming fiscal
year. So, fiscal year 2026. It ends in
October of next year. But essentially uh
the company is really facing extended
restrictions because this week we saw
the US Commerce Department, Bureau of
Industry and Security issuing a new rule
that that ramps up essentially the range
of products that companies face
restrictions on uh when going to places
like China. And so that is going to have
a really big bearing on applied
materials as a result. You can see there
how it traded in in after hours but it
did slump down as much as 6%. You can
see its peers Lamb Research Ka as well.
I mean they they also felt the brunt of
this but actually it's interesting
because I've been taking a look at apply
materials suppliers in in Asia and
actually uh these are listed in Tokyo
but aren't really seeing the same sort
of negative reaction. They're managing
to trade a little bit higher. So it is
that sort of broader chip story we were
talking about earlier but there's still
a lot of optimism around the space in
general. All right. Thank you. Annabelle
Jewelers there clarifying that for us.
Uh in terms of what we're seeing other
stories that we're tracking for you.
Bloomer's been told that Boeing's 777X
jet is now slated to fly commercially
for the first time in early 2027 instead
of next year. That sets the stage for
potentially billions of dollars in
accounting charges. And sources say
customers including Lufansza and
Emirates are not expecting to fly the
plane until 2027. The jet is already 6
years late and has major strategic and
financial importance to Boeing. And
Japan is reportedly days away from
running out of the Asahi Super Dry. the
country's most popular beer. Financial
Times is reporting that retailers are
bracing for empty shelves as soon as
this weekend. The shortage comes after a
cyber attack hit Asah's operations this
week. The company said the disruption is
limited to Japan, though, but yeah,
going to go into panic mode. It's only
in Japan.
>> You're still okay for this weekend,
Dave.
>> Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I've stocked up.
I've stocked up. It's good news though
for people suffering with with gout. You
really need to need to be a break. Yeah.
Keeping keeping that uric acid under
under control.
>> Um it's that's hard to imagine like
that's a very strange story reality to
be to be faced with just having
>> because of a cyber attack. Yeah.
>> Because a cyber attack you're
>> which is not the first one either. Yeah.
>> That's good for you anyway just to
moderate your alcohol intakes give or
take.
>> It's a cyber attack. I think
>> you got to reflect on yourself.
>> Yeah. if you're forced to.
>> But yes. Yes. Very interesting story.
Life choices.
>> Yeah. Uh we're watching travel. Okay. So
if you can't drink, you can travel
potentially. Take a look at what we're
seeing when it comes to
>> Don't go to Japan though if you're
looking for
>> travel sucks.
>> Um there you go. We're slipping. Um so
we we so there's initial golden week
numbers, right? So according to the
travel ministry for the first two days,
city says was actually weaker than
expected when you take a look at overall
passenger uh throughout the volume
there. So yes, might be not as good as
what investors had expected there. So a
bit of slippage.
[Music]
Happy Friday. Welcome back to the China
show. Here's a look at the HSI a half
hour into the session and yeah, we're
losing a little bit of momentum here
today. HS Techch broadly speaking is
lower. So that's what we are seeing.
Also eight shares are down about 8/10en
of 1%. Uh looks to be still a pretty
decent week though given all this AI
optimism momentum around the likes of
Alibaba. That still continues to be a
good story though today as well, Dave.
>> Yeah, I think when you have a look at
how Baba's doing right now, it's moving
against the grain last we checked. Um I
think you're getting an upgrade almost
on a daily basis on the stock price
itself. Uh, and also we're looking at
Oh, now do we have the other one? Uh, do
we have can we look at that doesn't look
like Alibaba to me. U, let's have a look
at where we are with Samsung, please.
There we go. So, Samsung, of course,
Korea is closed today, but you you do
get that ETF that trades here in Hong
Kong. That's really on the back of the
chip store that Ivonne just talked about
there. Baba still on the way up. Yeah.
uh Japanese chip makers on the back of
the well open AI that's the latest story
and shrugging off the applied materials
warning that we just talked about in the
last hour. So Japanese chipmakers
adventist and what have you in the whole
cohort coming up on your screens very
shortly. Uh I think we glanced at that
already a bit uh earlier on and of
course the the chip story in Taiwan also
playing out in a in a very big way
today.
>> Yeah, I mean it it's almost like it's
the one thing to watch, right? when when
you don't have US government data coming
through, there's no jobs report uh in
the second day of this government
shutdown. So maybe you can brush those
concerns aside right now and and focus
on this theme, right? Because there you
go. Look at this, right? Um when you
take a look at, you know, the whole
supply chain right now in Taiwan is
doing this. Uh there certainly is a lot
of optimism around this whole AI
investment cycle. So that certainly is
one to watch here today. When you know,
in the absence of news, this is the one
that really is shining a little bit
brighter here today. Um, we're watching
Bitcoin as well, right? So, we've talked
about 120,000 for for Bitcoin. There you
go. We're we're staying above those
levels here. We're coming off a little
bit. Uh, but we are seeing some pretty
punchy moves in some of these crypto
stocks today. Let's talk about what's
been going on with chips, right? Because
globally, we've been seeing the value,
market value really sore as investors
rush to get exposure to AI. The rally is
pushing tech stocks to all-time highs
right now. Let's bring in our Asia
equities reporter, Winnie Shu. she's
with us now to talk a little bit more
about the drivers behind this rally.
Yeah, it really is this global AI rally
just doesn't seem like it's going to
stop anytime soon. And you know, right
now it seems to be what we've been
hearing is that investors mood is really
this fear of missing out. And and we can
see that just by seeing how um investors
are really brushing off these macro
concerns, whether it's the potent uh
whether it's the US government shutdown
or you know some of the the weaker
economic data that's coming through. But
every of these small positive news is
able to push stocks higher and that
happened yesterday with SKH Highix up
some 10% and Cosby Py to its record high
and just today right then we have things
going on in Japan with um the um deal
between Hitachi and Open AAI and also
Fujitsu with Nvidia both pushing the
stocks higher. So now we're waiting for
Sam Elman to visit Taiwan and we see
expectations being baked in with the
Taiwanese stocks as well. Well, what I'm
waiting for is someone to tell me what
the risks are.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, actually, you know, when I had
a chat with JP JP Morgan, uh asset
manager management the other day, um
Carrie Greg, he was telling us how um
his biggest risk that he's seeing right
now in markets. is actually not these
geopolitical risks or political
uncertainty we're seeing but actually
the potential of disappointment that
might come through the earnings when it
comes to the US megatex because there is
so much expectations being baked in
right now and we are at um valuations at
a relatively stretched level. So, if we
cannot see these being translated into
the actual revenues, then we might
actually see a sell off, which is what
we actually saw them being the first to
be sold off um back in April. So, so
that's kind of the risk that we're
watching there.
>> Um is AI the only thing people are
chasing right now? What what else is
hot? Are they going elsewhere?
>> Yeah. So that's a very interesting one
because you would think that AI is this
big hot topic that we're all chasing.
But when you look at something that has
been relatively boring for a while but
recently quite hot
>> is the gold miners. So yes, so gold is
up over like 40% or something and I was
just looking at the Msei gauge for gold
miners. It's up more than 100%. So it's
really outperforming these AI or tech
themes and most uh we are hearing that
investors are expecting more upside to
come for these gold miners as well just
because how um gold is continue to rise
and continue to be favored by investors
given these um geopolitical
uncertainties and the hedges that that
they want against some of the riskier
assets.
>> Yep. Winnie, thank you so much. Winnie,
see you there on AI and gold really too
that have delivered quite a bit of Um,
alpha alpha this week. Okay. So, Winnie
actually just brought up a very good
point there on I think Carrie Craig who
joined us earlier this week talked about
this, right? The risk to the AI rallies.
You have to watch for the earnings
because valuations look fairly
stretched. I think have been fairly
stretched anyway. Oh. Oh. This one is
>> that was a firm zoom.
>> Yeah. There. Look at this.
>> So, 30 32 on Nvidia, Amazon. And we have
a great story out in the terminal today
that talks about how if if it's Alibaba
that you want, there's a valuation
discount there. That's the sort of
lowhanging fruit. And you can read about
that story of course on your Bloomberg
terminal today.
>> Yeah. I mean, there's still a lot of
questions on how rich of a valuation can
you give to Alibaba when yes, there's a
lot of hype, there's a lot of interest
in this whole full stack AI ecosystem,
but we haven't really quite seen it
generate revenues yet. Um, so certainly
the the ROI is still kind of the
question mark still as well. Let's bring
in Sylvia Chang, global multiasset
strategist at JB Morgan Asset
Management. Um, as we wrap up this
trading week, it's interesting, right?
Um, it seems like investors are still
leaning towards risk right now despite
that we're in this kind of vacuum when
it comes to US data. Is that the right
sort of call?
>> So, I think overall, if you look at the
global backdrop, we still expect global
growth to be pretty solid. Do we
actually think next year we see global
growth going back to trend and also the
policy environment pretty supportive
right easy monetary as well as fiscal
policy. So we do agree with that pro
stunts. Um in terms of data vacuum I I
think probably shortlived obviously
depends on how long kind of the both
parties will take to come back to the
negotiation table but we don't think the
impact on markets or the economy will be
too significant.
>> Yeah. I mean so far it's been a
non-event. I mean you would if you
didn't follow that news you wouldn't
know it's actually happening the fact
that there's a shutdown
>> ongoing uh so you mentioned your
overweight risk still overweight
equities is that almost purely like what
within equities right now should we be
pay paying attention to
>> so we're actually overweight equities
across a number of markets so in the US
obviously the overall valuation we
talked about is a bit high but we still
believe in tech and also we like
financials as a quality cyclical
exposure and we also like Japan and
Chinese equities globally as well. Yeah.
>> How do you look at this whole AI trade
here right now? Right. Because we're
talking about valuations and certainly
they're not demanding in in China
compared to the US per se, but a lot of
these services have yet to go
mainstream. We're talking about we're
not seeing that impact on on earnings so
far. So how should we be looking at this
rally now in AI? So I think actually if
you look at the US market a very
interesting point is if you look at the
mega tech companies their valuation
compared to history actually is not that
demanding but the rest of the market is
actually more expensive. So actually
from a relative perspective I think
there there's probably still more room
for them to go. Clearly earnings will be
important. Car talked about that we need
that to to come through. ROI really is a
key driver here that we really need to
see that
>> you mentioned the the easing is easing
out of the Fed I assume is what you were
mentioning alluding to earlier is one of
the assumptions we can make. Um h how
important is that for this for this risk
rally? In other words, if we see markets
somewhat price out cuts that are priced
in, do you think that might cause uh
some wobbles in this market or is that
going to be largely uneventful if we see
that happen?
>> I think probably largely will depend on
what's happening with financial
conditions to some extent. If we are
pricing out cuts, probably more likely
to be in 26 because of stronger growth.
I don't think the market would worry too
much about that. But if the Fed is
turning more hawkish kind of not really
based on fundamentals then that will be
more of a worry.
>> Um
can you tell us a little about more
bonds right because you know we continue
to see treasuries are actually continue
to rally in some ways right. Um can I
still look pretty big on duration right
now when it comes to this bond market?
So our thinking is that we have a modest
long in US duration but our focus is
more in the belly of the curve five to
seven years. Uh we think there is room
for the front end to come down further
but because our optimistic outlook for
US growth we think the back end probably
the room for them to moderate further is
pretty limited right now.
>> Uh could I ask you more about Japan? You
mentioned Japan as one of the
overweights in equities. There's an
election this weekend and people seem to
be very bullish around the structural
story in Japan. How do I need to be
looking at risks, political risk within
this market that's really done very very
well?
>> So I think for us we we definitely agree
the structural setup is more positive
looking at corporate reforms and also we
think some of the structural labor
shortage is actually pushing capex and
also that wage growth as well. So that's
really the underpinning of the positive
story. Clearly short-term worries about
political uncertainty. I guess the risk
will be whether this will linger on
whether this will trigger a lower house
election and also there's still
uncertainty about the tariff impact on
Japanese economy but I think it's really
a trade-off between near-term concerns
and more long-term structural story
>> but still net bullish
>> yeah bullish yeah I mean is is that
could be the next catalyst though this
new PM because it seems like the
contenders at least the ones that are
the more frontr running ones are leaning
more towards growth focused policies
>> so I think actually if we think about
it's going to be LDP P no matter what,
right? We're talking about different
candidates within LDP and given they are
running minority government both in the
upper and lower house, they need to be a
bit more expansionary than what they
have been before because they need to
cooperate with opposition parties. So
that's really what we kind of banking on
that expansionary fiscal policy. I was
having a conversation at the bank I
think about two or three weeks back and
I was asking so clearly they didn't know
where I worked and and and I was I was
asking the people who was they were
advising me on to do something and I'm
like what's the risk and jokingly they
responded the risk is not investing. I
can't seem to find anyone who can
identify what the risk is to this bull
market. I mean there could be none. uh
the tail risks could be not as priced
probably
>> but the conditions are there but the
conditions are there
>> you can't name a trigger on what leads
to some sort of correction. Yeah.
>> Well is it is my question is is it how
useful is it to start looking at hedges
and defensive strategies amid this low
ball environment or is that is the
opportunity cost to do so still quite
high? So I think clearly if we look at
the volatility environment taking out
hedges now is more kind of costefficient
to some extent obviously market if we
look at overall valuation levels pretty
extended wherever you look obviously
relative basis China Japan are cheaper I
think that there's still risks if we
think about risks um for inflation
turning out to be hotter than expected
fat can't ease as much right and there
is a labor market weakness going on even
though we don't think it's really kind
increasing recession risk, but what if
it's more sustained than what we're
pricing in right now? So, I think still
downside from that.
>> What if that's a big one, Sylvia? Thank
you. Have a good one. Sylvia Shang
there, uh, global multiasset strategist
at JP Morgan asset management. Right.
Uh, just ahead here in the show as we
talked about Japan there. We'll get you
a preview of what's coming up of course
in the weekend. Top contenders within,
of course, as Sylvia was pointing out,
the same party. It's still the LDP. Uh
we're now uh courting the opposition to
help advance policy initiatives. The
shaky grip on power is coming in f
coming up in focus next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, Japan's ruling party votes for a
new leader tomorrow with the winner set
to become the country's second prime
minister in just over a year. Now,
investors will be watching for any
signals on fiscal and monetary policy.
Let's head to our Japan politics and
economics reporter, Sakura Murakami. She
joins us now from Tokyo. Sakura, it's
great to have you. So, uh, yeah, we've
been anticipating this for weeks now.
How are things shaping up?
>> We don't have a clear winner quite yet.
Obviously, we've been talking about Sana
Takayichi, a kind of right-winger
politician and political scan, uh,
Coyumi um, potentially taking the lead.
But we do also have a new dark horse,
Yoshimasahayashi. He's the current uh,
chief cabinet secretary. Um, he's coming
up in the polls. He's also looking quite
popular. In the end, there'll probably
be a runoff between the top two
contenders, and it's all looking quite
fluid, murky. We're not entirely sure
yet, but um uh we will definitely have a
new LDP leader by uh uh ne tomorrow. So,
um that'll be something to look forward
to.
>> You know, the the calculus for markets
goes beyond just simply obviously the
the first thing is who who wins. The
next thing is could there be any new
power sharing agreement that could be
likely? What does that eventually look
like as far as a coalition is concerned
between different parties? Sakura, what
does that look like currently?
>> So that'll be probably be one of the
first things that the new leader will
have to work on. Um there's been talk of
passing a supplementary budget by the
end of the year and with a minority um
in both both the lower and upper
chambers for the ruling coalition. they
will have to work with opposition
parties and um all of the candidates
have been open to some sort of uh
cooperation, some sort of new power
sharing arrangement with the opposition
but um they have been very koi and shy
about specifying who really they want to
work with. Um there have been rumors um
you know for example Koisumi is known to
be quite close to uh the Japan the Japan
innovation party uh Takahi um is
considered kind of trying to uh uh maybe
butter up the DPP but um that will be
we'll be seeing more of that in the
coming weeks.
>> Yeah, we're just talking to our last
guest about how the next leader could be
a potential catalyst for Japanese
markets in particular. What can we
expect from the new leader in the coming
weeks?
>> Um, yeah. Well, with the uh with the
various um contenders, it's hard to know
for sure, but I think one of the things
to look out for is obviously the
coalition, the new power sharing
arrangement that we may see. Also, um
further down the line, we'll probably be
seeing a lot of like diplomacy
initially. Um there's Azan, there's Apac
at the end of October. There's also um
uh potential Trump's potential visit to
Japan and that will be one of the first
times that um the new leader will
probably meet with Trump. Obviously
before that there's also the vote and
the vote tomorrow is um for the leader
of the LTP but um they still would have
to go through a parliamentary vote in
mid-occtober. Sorry. Oh yes, in
mid-occtober to actually be v voted in
as prime minister and succeed prime the
current prime minister Ishiba. So
there's still a lot of the calendar a
lot on the calendar and um there'll
still be a lot of fluidity in the coming
weeks.
>> Yeah, Sakur, it happened to me too. I
had to check the calendar. It is of
course already there how quickly time
flies. Thank you so much Akura Murakami
there, our Japan politics and economics
reporter giving us a preview of this
weekend and and the likely scenarios
over the coming weeks. Right now, still
on the story here. So, hedge funds in
Japan or on looking at Japan or playing
Japan here are employing this range of
well a range of tactics uh to make money
certainly from this too close to call
leadership field. Let's bring in our FX
and rates uh senior FX and rates
reporter Ruth Carson joining us right
now to talk us through. So, Ruth, talk
about hedge funds. They can get
creative, but what are some of the top
strategies these funds are employing
ahead of what's happening tomorrow?
>> Yeah, and this is the thing. It is such
a close election. It's a knife's edge
election. So sometimes with these
things, you really have to take some
risk off the table. H and that's what
we're seeing. The hedge funds that we've
spoken with, some of them are really
hedging their bets. Some have bought
gold, for instance. They've closed their
shorty yen positions. Others are going
you know what I'm going to build up a
buffer of cash so that when the election
is clear when the candidate the winning
candidate becomes clear and should
shares rally on that they will take it
as an opportunity to short. So there is
a range of strategies being employed and
it kind of it kind of attests to the
situation about how much of a coin toss
it is as to who the winning candidate
will be.
>> Yeah. Yeah, as you mentioned, gold might
be the one thing. Uh tell tell us more
about what these funds are doing to
hedge their positions if if they get
things wrong.
>> Yeah,
>> absolutely. And it's ironic in a way
because the yen is often seen as a haven
yet it is at the epicenter here in many
aspects because it is a Japan vote. So
some um hedge funds that we've spoken
with have actually taken a longerterm
view. If the event risk is really really
hard um to decide on um some like Atom
Capital in Tokyo are actually taking the
opportunity to go you know what I'm
going to shut out the election noise
instead I am going to look at all the
factors u macro geopolitical risks etc
as well as the Fed that's going to be
influencing the Bank of Japan's monetary
policy path because in many aspects
that's the cleaner play it could be a
rates play or in fact a a stocks play as
well whether it's opport opportunities
to short or to buy. So, some funds are
going down that route.
>> All right, let's talk about
how markets are positioned because that
likely determines of course what the
reaction function is likely going to
look like. Uh Ruth, what does our
reporting show uh in terms of how people
are positioned around the currency?
>> Yeah, and this shows you how split
markets are in many aspects. We all know
that dollar yen's been in a range 147 to
149 for the past uh 2 months even. So uh
one way to look at it would be to look
at CFTC data and it's quite telling. On
the one hand you've got asset managers
that are buying the yen. On the other
you've got hedge funds that are net
short the yen. So they're bearish on the
yen and that spread between those that
are buying and those that are selling is
now at the widest point since 2007. So,
we're talking global financial crisis
levels. So, maybe maybe Monday will
change things or next week when we get
clarity. Um, but yeah, it just shows you
how fluid the situation entirely is.
>> Yeah, and it could go either way. All
right, Ruth, thank you. Our senior FX
and race reporter, Ruth Carson, there we
got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Uh, Indonesia's vice
minister of trade says Jakarta is
seeking to improve relations with both
the US and China. dioro estijaputri
uh told us that more about these trade
negotiations what's going on there with
these conversations with Washington as
really her country seeks these
exemptions for key exports like palm oil
like coffee and also and also rubber
>> yeah so I mean it's always good to be
optimistic right with it's hard I mean
everything that is happening is is hard
in itself um not only for Indonesia for
countries across the world and so I
think the out the outlook that we're
trying to to do and to have is to have
that optimistic outlook to see that look
America the US is a has been a great
trading partner for Indonesia. They are
the second um export country and also if
I'm not mistaken the fourth import
country for Indonesia. Uh their
positioning for us is very important and
we want to continuously maintain those
good relations. Southeast Asian
economies, especially emerging economies
in Southeast Asia, are currently really
concerned about uh China dumping cheap
goods into the respective markets. Where
is Indonesia on that?
>> Okay, so uh with the case of China,
again, China is our largest trading
partner. Uh it's our first exporting
country. It's our first importing
country, right? So, we're always um
engaging uh with China. We see this as
being a great trading partner. Um in
terms of uh the goods coming into
Indonesia as you say we have a mechanism
also in place. So in the ministry of
trade we have the the anti-dumping uh
committee and uh you know China is is
open for discussion with respect uh to
this um and again this also entails the
the the types of conversations and the
cooperation that we want to continuously
build with China. Um I've I was at the
AEM the ASEAN economic ministers uh
meeting just a few days ago. Very hectic
but very productive. Uh we also on on
the sidelines uh spoke to to China and
we wanted to see how we can better kind
of uh improve uh our bilateral relations
and trade going forward and again about
uh these concerns were also addressed.
>> So the numbers are not showing just yet
as in the impact on industries like
textiles. has there been you know any
implications on uh I guess small and
medium enterprises in the country.
>> So one of the things that we'd love to
see is that uh industries in Indonesia
continuously thriving um you know
irrespective of everything that is
happening. We have anti-dumping measures
that are currently in place in
Indonesia. So that is there right by the
governments and the government is there
to kind of support the local businesses
but also uh industries um have their own
role share of roles to to contribute to
to to the Indonesian economy.
>> Right. If that version catches you
wanting there's plenty more the full
versions coming up in the next hour of
Lumer television.
All
[Music]
right, close to 11:30 in Tokyo. Japanese
markets are heading that lunch break in
just a moment and we continue to see a
pretty decent rally in Tokyo here today.
NIK225 up one and a half% topics as
well. I think there has been some
interesting calls uh from analysts there
bumping up their price targets for year
end as they countdown to this LDP
leadership race saying that this could
be the next catalyst really for Japanese
stocks. If you take a look at, you know,
this shift maybe potentially to
progrowth policies like cash handouts,
tax cuts for example, that certainly is
why there is reason to still be long
this market. 14764
for dollar yen. Dave.
>> Yeah, I think JP Morgan, as Ivon was
pointing out, they're raising their
topics target for the year and that is
Ri uh Nishihara, who I believe I think
is probably joining I think joining
shows next week. Anyway, uh the target
there is on the nick is 47,000. that's
bumped up from 42 and on the topic it's
from 3 to 33 that's out of JP Morgan
right uh just very briefly we'll look at
Hong Kong benchmarks about an hour into
the session so that's what you get when
the a lot of the volumes in trading uh
really comes across a stock connect on a
day when a stock connect is not
connected you have mainland shut you do
get volumes falling substantially uh we
are done on price hing tech one and a
half% it has been a very good week of
course for tech itself uh very briefly
across The sectors we're tracking today
obviously till IT and chips hardware
some of the plays in Taiwan for example
it is up 1% the benchmark is up again
for a fifth straight day so we are going
into this weekend and what US shutdown
do we need a job support I mean you
probably do it's probably better if we
have it but it doesn't seem to be
disturbing markets right now with this
AI trade managing to offset all ills in
these market okay uh let's uh have a
look at some headlines
around the world this morning. India and
China will resume direct flights. It's
after more than 5 years that as the two
are two of the biggest economies,
world's biggest economies here seeking
to rebuild political ties. India's
largest carrier, Indigo says it will
resume flights to China starting October
26th with daily service connecting the
eastern city of Kolkata to Guangjo
there. India is also expected to resume
flying to mainland China. Okay. Okay.
Now, China has warned the top US envoy
in Hong Kong not to interfere in the
country's internal affairs. The warning
comes after consil uh the console
general reportedly invited former
pro-democracy politicians to her
inaugural receptions. Now, the head of
the foreign ministry uh Hong Kong office
says that a US diplomat should avoid
meeting what it calls anti-China
individuals. All right, let's pivot
slightly within geopolitics, Dave, and
really talking about a battleground
that's largely unseen, but increasingly
critical. We're talking about undersea
cables, and this is, as you can see with
this globe here, and really, it just
looks like yarn around a ball, right?
This vast yet vulnerable web carries
almost all the world's internet traffic.
You're talking about some of the big
tech companies in the US like Meta,
Google, and the like that take up almost
more than 70% of the capacity. there is
the backbone of everything from AI to
financial markets to military
coordination. But we're starting to see
diverging paths of these two major cable
systems. You just show how connectivity
and how aligned things used to be really
align with strategic national
objectives. Now you take a look what's
marked in orange, right? This is the
China back peace cable. This is where
you see others in blue by the US. And
increasingly, you're starting to see
these interconnected cables splinter.
And that's really become a focal point
of geopolitical tensions because you see
the US in some ways trying to shut out
China from their networks. And China
itself is also building its own
so-called digital silk road. Now, last
February, we certainly saw a bit of
tension here, right? A Chinese-owned
vessel was accused of intentionally
severing lines off Taiwan's southwest
coast. Now, Taiwan says it does actually
suffer eight or seven or eight of these
breaks every year, Dave, with the
majority linked to China. So, yeah, it's
a very interesting piece. Feel free to
check it out. The animations are amazing
on this Bloomberg.
>> Absolutely fascinating story there. In
fact, for more on this, let's bring in
Belle, who's here with us to talk us
through this. Certainly, we we should be
talking more about this, Belle. I mean
it started with this recent incident
that Ivon is pointing out but how do we
need to be looking at risks to this if
we are that vulnerable to to to these
disruptions here.
>> Yeah I think that that incident that
Ivon just mentioned that illustrates the
story really well. So just to sort of
recap some of the details that happened
in February this year off the coast of
Taiwan and and there was a cargo ship
Hongai 58. Uh it was actually registered
to Tokco, but it was crewed by Chinese
nationals, including a Chinese captain.
And so the Coast Guard in Taiwan spotted
this cargo ship off the southern coast.
And it it certainly broadcast warnings
about it, asking it to move. But still,
the vessel stayed for at least 2 days.
And it was only after it departed that
they did some investigations and they
discovered the Taiwan Coast Guard uh
that that essentially this cable had
been disrupted. So the damage to it, I
mean it certainly severed communications
between Taiwan and one of its offline or
outlying islands as well. From the
Taiwan side, they said this this was an
act of sabotage. They were very clear
about this and of course you can
extrapolate a little bit further. I
mean, if if China were to take Taiwan in
an active force, a lot of military
strategists and war gamers will talk
about uh the need to or the need for
China to essentially disrupt
communications networks and severing
subc cables would be a way to do that.
From the China side, they said this was
an essentially an overreaction. Uh this
was a simple maritime incident, but it
still did lead to an unprecedented jail
term for that Chinese national, the
captain of the ship. And again, it just
puts the spotlight on why protecting
subse cables is such an important and
formidable task.
>> Yeah. And tell us what's what's what's
needed for that, right? Because it seems
like it's not just to protect it, but
you know, from the US and China's
perspective is to control some of these
cables.
>> Yeah. I think that's sort of the way
it's developing and and you referenced
it there as well. There's sort of
significance of this. I mean, you're
talking about subc cables. It's it's 97%
of international internet traffic that's
flowing through these subc cables. It's
very very significant and it's becoming
even more significant as as we ramp up
communication through AI for instance
and you have more of a need for these
subc cables but you were talking about
yes where they're most vulnerable. Of
course they're most vulnerable in in
shallow waters for instance landing
points but at the same time they're also
vulnerable in the way that you were
referencing there about how they're
becoming increasingly bifocated. So when
it comes to manufacturers of subc
cables, there's four main ones. One from
China, one from the US, a French
company, and one from Japan as well.
When it comes to how investments were
thought about in decades or years past,
it was a consortia that would usually be
led by Telos that included US and
Chinese names. But you were talking
about those two different cables. You
have the the peace one from China, you
have the the US one as well. They're
essentially kind of connecting similar
points, but they're they're they're
bypassing regional rivals. They're
they're they're stopping in in places
that are their allies as well. So, yes,
it's that increasing bifocation, whereas
you said Washington is shutting China
out of its networks and China wants its
own digital silk road as well.
>> Yeah. And I I would imagine this becomes
more a commercial issue when you talk
about big tech and they're getting more
involved because this is literally the
this is literally what runs the internet
and literally what keeps commerce and
everything that we do our lifestyles
online.
>> Yeah, exactly. And and big tech is just
continuing to have an even bigger
presence in this. I mean we talk about
sort of the AI stack and subc cables are
becoming a part of the of the of the
overall AI stack and and a key part of
AI infrastructure. But you mentioned
earlier and just to say it again a
decade ago, so 10 years ago you had
names like Meta, Microsoft, Google,
Amazon, they were less than 10% of subc
capacity.
>> Today they're at more than 70%. So it's
a huge increase and it's leading big
tech to actually start to create their
own undersea cable network. So Meta for
instance has a project going on right
now that at the conclusion will make it
the world's longest subc cable network
at more than 50,000 kilometers. they're
financing that and and there's a concern
that we hear from strategists and
analysts and and ASPI is one of those
from Australia for instance, the think
tank in Australia, but they say that
you're really creating an a situation
now where you're very vulnerable because
you're going to have single points of
failure essentially in the system.
>> And and yes, I mean subc cable attacks,
they happen. There's around maybe 200 a
year. Some of it maybe is just damage,
but some of it also, even though it's
hard to prove, is likely espionage,
sabotage, disruption as well. So there
are big concerns and I think a retired
military general from from Britain put
it to us really well in the piece but he
said you know in the second world war we
talked about roads and bridges that were
being bombed in a coming conflict. You
you can't be surprised if cables become
targets as well.
>> Enough undersea fiber that can go to the
moon and back twice.
>> That was what I read in that piece.
>> Yeah. Fascinating story.
>> Amazing. Annabelle, thank you. Annabelle
Jeweler is our Asia tech correspondent
bringing that story to us. Of course, if
you're a subscriber, I want to rewatch
that interview or this hit that we've
talked about this story. You can check
out our TV function, TV go. You can
become part of the conversation, send us
instant messages, and really watch the
how this whole intertwining of undersea
cables and really what's at stake here.
Fantastic piece. Check it out at TV go.
[Music]
Some corporate news this morning. LG
Energy will start sending South Korean
workers back to the US for essential
business trips less than a month after
hundreds were detained in a visa
crackdown. Now, it follows confirmation
from a US Korea working group on the
validity of visas and travel permits.
Almost 300 Koreans were detained last
month at a Hyundai LG battery plant in
Georgia, marking a low point in
relations with the US. Boomer's been
told that Boeing's trip 7XJet is now
slated to fly commercially for the first
time in early 2027 instead of next year.
That sets the stage for potentially
billions of dollars in accounting
charges. Sources say customers including
Lufanza and Emirates are now expecting
to fly the plane until 2027. Now, the
jet is already 6 years late and has
major strategic and financial importance
to Boeing. And Japan is reportedly days
away from running out of Yeah. the
Asahai Super Dry. the country's most
popular beer. The FT is reporting that
retailers are bracing for empty shelves
as soon as this weekend. And the
shortage comes after a cyber attack that
hit Asah's operations this week. Now,
the company says the disruption is
though limited to just Japan.
>> Yeah, there we go. Okay. I think I saw a
graphic of
doesn't Blackpink I think are endorsing
Asah, right? Or
>> see them on buses.
>> Yes. Okay. Okay, there we go. I'm not
imagining it.
>> It's not just you.
>> Okay. Okay. So, I'm like, where did I
see why did I say that Asahi? Apart from
obviously in my fridge. Yeah, it was
it's all around the transport network
here.
>> That's just to say uh that pivots takes
us back to uh the visa story. We talked
about LG there. We talked about Korea
Visa K is is is a segue here. We're
taking a look at what's trending in
China right now. Now you have state
media uh defending this new visa program
to attract uh global tech talent after
online posts expressing worries about
losing jobs to foreigners and certainly
comes as official youth unemployment
jumps to a two-year high almost 19%.
Mini Law, our China correspondent is
here with us to talk us through what
concerns people have specifically about
this K this new K visa.
>> Yes, as you said, one of the big issues
is that youth un unemployment is very
very high. We're talking about nearly
one in five young people in urban areas
unable to find jobs and so they're up in
arms about this new visa which many
people say is too loose the the
requirements there because it is meant
to attract STEM graduates from renowned
universities and anyone who meets the
criter criteria with a bachelor's degree
can apply and so on social media and you
can see this chart it shows you the
youth unemployment rate uh is at the
highest level since 2023 when there was
the gap there because the government was
revamping the methodology for collecting
the data. Um and on social media people
are saying that you know there are
already so many graduates in China
including masters graduate because when
people have no jobs what do they do?
They continue studying. So there is that
education inflation going on. There are
12 million new graduates entering the
job market now. So they're saying
bachelor's degree is too low a
requirement for this new K visa. And
it's also not clear what exactly
constitutes a renowned university as
well. And then other people are saying
that the English language advantage that
foreigners have that gives them a leg up
over most local graduates in China as
well. And still others are saying that
it's an issue of foreign nationals
getting special treatment here um and
being treated better than the Chinese
nationals.
>> Okay. Um that that certainly is the
worries among the public. Tell us a
little bit more about what the
government has done. Have they've
responded? They're just defending still
this program. What do they say?
>> Yes. Well, the Chinese foreign ministry
has said that that they will be
releasing more information about this
new visa through foreign embassies and
consulates, but the party newspaper
people's daily has published an
editorial to try to defend themselves
and really talking about the advantage
of this policy. A part of it is
juxtaposing against the US policy here
and saying that China still is opening
its doors to foreign talents, right? But
it's also saying that you know some
people are misunderstanding this policy
and spreading bizarre rumors that is
causing unnecessary anxiety. And it says
it's very narrow-minded to think that
China doesn't need foreign talent
because any country that wants to
succeed in the modern world will must be
able to attract top talents. And it says
China is big enough with ample space to
be able to absorb all sorts of talents
and also that there is this shortage of
talents in key manufacturing sectors
with a talent gap of about 30 million
people. It didn't really address the
crux of the issue though, the youth
unemployment issue that wasn't really
mentioned in the article and I think
people are still a little bit
unsatisfied with that. And if you look
online on the visa application page,
it's interesting you don't see that
category available for application now
even though it's supposed to be
available from October. So not clear. Is
it is that delay because of the October
holidays or is the government taking
time to sort of fine-tune some of the
some of the details there?
>> Yeah. Um but still as you say maybe not
quite soothing the public unease out
there just yet. Mimman Low, thank you
for bringing that story for us. Our
China correspondent Mim Lo there uh when
it comes to this new program K1 visas uh
in China. Um let's talk a little bit
more about geopolitics and the like and
certainly that's one thing we're
watching when it comes uh to the
Philippines and President Verin Marcos
Jr. and Vice President Sarah Duterte are
locked in a political showdown that
could have implications for a regional
power struggle between China and the US.
Bloomberg Originals has been looking at
how Manila's alliance with Washington is
now coming under pressure.
>> This is the vice president of the
Philippines.
She's threatening to kill the president
if she's killed. Even though Filipino
politics is known for high drama, this
was extraordinary.
>> Right now, the tensions have already
evolved into an open feud.
>> The political battle between President
Ferdinand Marcos Jr. and Vice President
Sarah Duterte is playing out like a
thriller. But there's more at stake than
meets the eye. Filipinos understand the
underdog situation that they're in in
terms of geopolitics.
>> The Philippines is on the front line of
China's territorial claims in the South
China Sea and would play a major role in
any US effort to counter a possible
Chinese invasion of Taiwan.
>> The Philippines is a key ally for the US
here in Asia. It is located in a very
strategic spot.
>> But this alliance is under pressure as
Sar Duterte backs closer ties with
China. and her case is being helped by
aggressive US tariffs.
>> Well, President Trump says the US has
reached that trade deal with the
Philippines.
>> Trump's presidency has upended just
about every assumption you could have
about America and the world.
>> The Philippines sits in the middle of
the China US power struggle. Which way
it swings will have consequences far
beyond its borders.
>> And subscribers can watch that
documentary in full right now on the
terminal or at blueber.com. will be
available later on the Bloomberg
Originals YouTube channel. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
The president of bond giant PIMCO says
credit markets are becoming more
resilient as they take a larger and more
structural role in asset allocation
plans. But Christian Struck uh told us
that fundraising in the private credit
space is still a little slow.
What the shift is really what's
happening with banks and it's less about
banks exiting markets but banks more
looking for optimal allocation of their
balance sheet. So rather than banks
making every loan and keeping every loan
sitting on their balance sheet they're
looking for partners partners who can
take some of the loans that they're
originating. So asset managers like
PIMCO are coming in working alongside
banks. They are the ones who face the
ultimate consumer the ultimate
household. But then PIMCO in their
private credit strategies, we can come
in and we can take some of their loans
into our strategies for our clients. So
banks get a less balance sheet heavy
option and our clients get to access
some of these highquality private credit
claims. And that way it creates a much
more resilient credit market where it's
not completely dependent on the banks.
you have more diversified sources of
financing, a combination of bank asset
managers operating in the credit
markets.
>> When you look at the APEC environments,
you seem quite optimistic. Does that
extend to perhaps working on an APEC
specific fund as well? Well, we don't
have anything specific right now to to
talk about, but certainly that's
something that clients ask about is
whether there uh could whether that
could make sense, whether there could be
an Apex specific fund in assetbased
finance, in diversified private credit,
something like that. We would expect
that over time uh that will become more
and more common as what we're seeing is
a is a global trend of looking for
regional alternatives uh in private
credit where uh people want to allocate
by regional and have regional
diversification rather than be so
concentrated in the US which is which
speaks for the vast majority of private
credit right now. people are really
looking just like in public fixed income
in public equities people are looking
for alternatives to the US alternatives
to the dollar uh and so in time you know
we'll probably see the emergence of more
dedicated private credit funds in Asia
there are already are some and there
will be more to come
>> would you be able to put some numbers to
the outlook for fundraising maybe 3 to 5
years down the line from here
>> well for right now it's interesting
fundraising in private credit is is a
little slow and now in in in direct
lending private credit. that corporate
space in in private and that's because
private equity is itself so slow the
deal making is not really happening and
so fundraising is difficult the deals
are not there deploying capital so
that's all in the corporate direct
lending space meanwhile in assetbased
finance which is this diversified set of
mortgages consumer claims equipment
financing etc there the fundraising is
actually very robust and we're seeing a
very significant growth um at PIMCO
we've talked about growing our
alternatives revenues from 23% of our
revenues to 30% over the next several
years. Um, and we're seeing that happen
this year, continued growth in
fundraising around our alternatives
business.
>> How closely are you watching
developments around the US shutdown, the
tariff backdrop, how is that affecting
credit markets?
>> Very, very closely. And our our base
case, our pretty strong base case is
that this gets resolved in uh some
amount of weeks, days or weeks uh in a
way that won't be too disruptive to the
economy. It is disruptive to the markets
in a at this moment of time. Of course,
flying a little blind without data that
we normally have, that kind of thing,
but it's manageable for now. In the low
probability event that this lasts for
several weeks, that could be pretty
disruptive to the economy, could be
pretty disruptive to a number of federal
workers and all of the economy that
depends on that ecosystem. That could
have a real impact if that happens over
time on the credit market. So, we're
focused on it very closely. We expect
that this should be resolved uh in in
less time than that, but it certainly is
a downside risk that we're looking at.
Right before we go, uh some big news out
of Dong Motor. So, it's uh EV brand has
actually filed for, get this, an IPO
here in Hong Kong. Shares up 5% and uh
looking at energy stocks on the back of
this decline in oil prices near five
month lows and there's an OPEC plus
meeting of course to look ahead to going
into this weekend.
>> Yes. So, we're looking at this uh there
is going to be some anticipation of what
they're going to do when it comes to
November and production levels and the
likes. That certainly is a big one for
OPEC plus here right now at a time when
we are seeing oil prices still seeing
some pressure. It's the Grand Prix in
Singapore. Have fun guys over there in
the Lion City as well cuz we're here in
Hong Kong. We're bracing for another
tropical storm storm. Uh and in Japan
maybe a potential political storm,
right? Talk about you know the
leadership vote when it comes to the LGB
party that's happening tomorrow.
>> Yeah. So people are going to be busy
while Ivon and I take shelter from this
likely T1. Sherry's going to be hard at
work on that leadership vote. April and
Haz are probably going to be at the
>> garage after milking and token 2049.
What a week for Singapore.
>> Yeah. Well, as we like our weekends
laying flats and not really doing a lot.
So that's it from us here on the China
show. We will see you all on Monday
where we get to talk about all the fun
things, Fed minutes, China credit, and
everything in between. Thank you for
joining us this week. Happy Friday.
[Music]